That's not possible.
North America's richest man, Mark's new energy vehicle interview
And ready to buy this company's batteries
This means
As long as we put new energy batteries
It's used in cars.
We will become a building
The first new energy vehicle company
This news is too timely
Right after we signed the contract
Otherwise, 110 million is definitely not enough
More than that, as soon as this news came out?
Even if the company asks for 1 billion
There will be people willing to buy
Enough Ye Da Shao
It's okay, you can leave first
Next up is our company insider
It is inconvenient for outsiders to participate
If so
Please ask Ye Shao to leave
You all wait for me
Mr. Song has been delayed for a long time this time.
I'll go back first
Here's an invitation.
Please participate in time